docs(cell): Update README with common template contents and to indicate its status as an example (#21752)
microsoft/FluidFramework: packages/dds/cell/README.md

The `SharedCell` Distributed Data Structure (DDS) stores a single, shared value that can be edited or deleted.

This package is primarily intended as a minimal example of how distributed data structures work.

> For real-world scenarios, we recommend using one of our other DDSs like [SharedTree](https://fluidframework.com./docs/data-structures/tree/).

Author: ```suggestion
For real-world scenarios, we recommend using one of our other DDSs, like [SharedTree](https://fluidframework.com./docs/data-structures/tree/).
```
```suggestion
For real-world scenarios, we recommend using one of our other DDSs like [SharedTree](https://fluidframework.com./docs/data-structures/tree/).
```

For real-world scenarios, we recommend using one of our other DDSs, like [SharedTree](https://fluidframework.com./docs/data-structures/tree/).

> <!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

Reviewer: Just curious but is it fine for these autogenerated sections to be manually deleted? Is there some markdown-magic config or setting that includes/excludes generating content for this file?

Author: This README was set up to use a bunch of individual markdown-magic macros, each of which has those ignore comments inside. This PR changed the README to use our all-in-one template that includes all of the common README contents in one, so there is a single ignore block wrapping all of the contents instead of per-section.

> For real-world scenarios, we recommend DDSs like [SharedTree](https://fluidframework.com./docs/data-structures/tree/) or [SharedMap](https://fluidframework.com./docs/data-structures/map/).

Reviewer 2: I think the guidance is that we're not recommending any of the legacy DDS, including SharedMap, right @kashms ? So just point to SharedTree here?

Author: ```suggestion
For real-world scenarios, we recommend using one of our other DDSs like [SharedTree](https://fluidframework.com./docs/data-structures/tree/).
```
